Added info about Mule EE repositories (#1597)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/maven-reference.adoc

> 

Reviewer: We have a terminology issue here: according to David Wang/PMM, there is no such thing as MuleSoft Enterprise, because Anypoint Platform is the enterprise level:

Kim: 2:32 PM
Please let me know the status of these names?
MuleSoft Enterprise Edition?
MuleSoft Community Edition?

David Wang 2:59 PM
It's never "MuleSoft X edition", it's "Anypoint Platform" which is by definition enterprise, or "Mule Community Edition"

So...I am editing the rest in ways that possibly solve this issue....

Reviewer: Yikes, I got confused by the chronology and wording but I THINK this is what we really want here:

== Enable Your Mule Project to Access Enterprise Repositories
You have these automatically if working in Studio, but if you are working outside of Anypoint Platform, you must obtain and install an Enterprise license, acquire access to the repos, configure access to the repos.

=== Obtain and Install an Enterprise License

=== Acquire Access to Enterprise Repositories

=== Configure Maven to Access Enterprise Repositories

On a system with both global and user `settings.xml` files, the settings from both files become merged. In case there are duplicate settings, the user's settings take precedence over the global settings.

> == MuleSoft Public Repositories

Reviewer: == Enable Your Mule Project to Access Enterprise Repositories

> When you create a new Mule project in Anypoint Studio, the required Mule repositories are automatically added to the `pom.xml` file. If you are creating the Mule project outside Studio, add the following repositories to the `pom.xml` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you create a new Mule project in Anypoint Studio, the required enterprise repositories are automatically added to the project `pom.xml` file. 

However, if you create your Mule project outside of the Anypoint Platform enterprise, you must own a separate Enterprise license, have access to enterprise repositories, and configure Maven to access them for your project.
```
Are the license and the access separate things?

Reviewer: Is this a matter of being a MuleSoft customer or not, or of working within AP or not?
Or is this "public" vs. "enterprise"?
Clarify the type of user addressed by this topic set.

</pluginRepository>
----

> == MuleSoft Enterprise Repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
See above. We're still introducing the three tasks or requirements for access to the enterprise repos.

> To add the MuleSoft Enterprise repository to your project, you need to meet the following prerequisites:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add access to the enterprise repository to your project, you must obtain and install an Enterprise license, acquire access to the repos, and configure access to the repos.
```
These are **prerequisites** to the **task** of **Add** the Enterprise Repository, a topic that is not here in the original?

Are the tasks here really: If you are working outside of AP, you need to...

1. Acquire and install an Enterprise license
2. Have credentials to access the enterprise repo (this isn't automatic with the license? why would you need to ask Support for them?)
3. Configure access to repo (are we adding the repo or just adding access to the repo?)

> * Own an Enterprise license

Reviewer: "own" or "acquire and install"?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* An Enterprise license
```

> * Own an Enterprise license

Reviewer: I suggest replacing the list with tasks or requirements subtopics:

=== Obtain and Install an Enterprise License

=== Acquire Access to Enterprise Repositories

=== Configure Maven to Access Enterprise Repositories

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Obtain and Install an Enterprise License
```

+

> If you need instructions to acquire or install an Enterprise License, see xref:installing-an-enterprise-license.adoc[Installing an Enterprise License]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need instructions to acquire or install an Enterprise license, see xref:installing-an-enterprise-license.adoc[Installing an Enterprise License].
```

> * Have valid credentials to access the https://repository.mulesoft.org/nexus-ee/content/repositories/releases-ee/[MuleSoft Enterprise repository]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Acquire Access to Enterprise Repositories
```

+
If you are a MuleSoft customer and do not have access to the repository, contact Support and request Nexus enterprise credentials.

> === Configure MuleSoft Enterprise Repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Configure Maven to Access Enterprise Repositories
```

> To configure Maven to access the MuleSoft Enterprise Repository:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure Maven to access the enterprise repository:
```
Explain how Maven relates to enabling your project to access the repos?

> . Inside `<USER_HOME>/.m2/settings.xml`, open the `settings.xml` config file on all workstations that require access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In `<USER_HOME>/.m2/settings.xml`, open `settings.xml` on all workstations that require access.
```

> ** If the file does not exist, create it.

Reviewer: Why is this a subbullet?
And which file is "the file"?
Should this be...:
 
. Navigate to <blah>, or create it, if it does not exist.
. Open `settings...` for every workstation....
. Add the following syntax to the [each?] `servers` section:

+
Read more about the `settings.xml` file in the http://maven.apache.org/settings.html[Maven documentation].
. Add the following to the `servers` section.
+
[source,xml,linenums]
----
<servers>
...
    <server>

        <id>MuleRepository</id>
        <username>YOUR_ID</username>
        <password>YOUR_PASSWORD</password>

    </server>
...
</servers>
----

> . Add the following to the `profiles` section:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Add the following syntax to the[each?] `profiles` section:
```
